Hello and welcome to this new tutorial the final tutorial of this implementation just before the demo
in the next to toile.
So in this final one we're going to implement the cell at coin's function because indeed we offer the
buyback option to our investors so that we can buy some coins back.
And therefore investors can get their money back.
OK so to make this final function which will be another future action in my wallet.
Well we will do this the most efficient way because indeed it will look like this function will have
a few things to change not only variable names but you'll see it's going to be pretty similar.
So I'm copying this just this way.
Copy and right here.
I'm pasting this priest function we might right a red flag here because we have the same function by
at coin's but this one is going to be called of course cell at coin's cell at conc.
So let's go through each line one by one and see what we need to change.
So first line here.
Well it takes of course the address of the investor investor is the name of the variable address is
the type of the variable and it's taking another argument.
However it's not going to take the US invested because this time we don't have to invest any dollars
to buy some at coins because we want to sell them.
But since we're selling some at coins Well we need to specify how many at coins who want to sell and
therefore very simply.
The second argument here will not be the U.S. invested but let's call it the coins and then for example
sold you know or at Conte's to sell as you want but that's basically the number of coins the investor
wants to sell.
And that's an unsigned integer again because of course we're not playing with Atkinsons.
So at consoled There we go we have our two arguments still external we're outside of the contract.
So all good for this first line now second line.
So the second line is remember using our modifier which will check if the investor can buy some actions.
So here of course it's totally irrelevant because we don't need to check that we can buy some coins.
If we were selling at coins.
So I'm just removing this and I'm putting the bracket right here in the previous line to start the function
and here that's where we start defining the function.
All right so now this line what do we have to do.
Well first of all we will need to do exactly the same and that's why I copied this code section here.
We will need to do exactly the same in the cell at coin's function that is to update these three variables.
That is the equity in at coin's of the investor the equity in you is the investor and the total evidence.
But so what we're going to do is start with the first one how do we update the equity in at Cowen's
of the investor right after he just sold some of his had coins.
Well this time it's really simple.
We don't even need to do an operation first because to update basically the number of actions of the
investor in his wallet in his equity.
Well we just need to decrement it.
So here is not a plus equal or minus equal by not at coins.
But of course.
But the at consult right here and consult.
OK.
We just decremental it by at consultive that we get the new updated value of the equity in at coin's
of the investor and therefore we don't need this anymore.
So I'm removing this.
And there we go first viable successfully updated.
Now let's move on to the second Vargo.
How do we update the equity in USD and investor.
Well please say before me what I want to say is of course my classic good news because indeed we don't
have to update anything here.
The equity in U.S. can simply be obtained by dividing the equity in at coin's by 1000 and that's already
what we do here.
Therefore job done for the second variable and now the third variable total at Cone's but is incremental
here by the Adkins.
But so first of all the actions but don't exist anymore.
So removing this and so now what do we have to do.
What do we have to do to update the total number of actions but by all the investors including this
one we're dealing with right now.
Well very simply right after he sold or she sold his or her actions.
Well we will need to decrement the total number of actions but by all the investors by.
Why is it going to be.
Well very simply Of course the at consult.
So I'm just copying this and I'm decrementing the total number of Aitken's But by all investors by the
number of Atkins sold by this specific investor.
OK.
And now I'm going to say it again good news again.
It is time for the demo.
So we're done with our whole implementation.
You know that's the end here of dysfunction at coins and this bracket here is the end of the contract.
We are done with our contracts.
You can actually practice to add any other functions you want which will give you some other actions
in my wallet.
So for example if you know some crypto trading platforms you can just look at them and see what you're
able to do in these platforms to implement here some other functions and therefore actions Anchorage
you to practice this.
But we have the essential tools here for me to show you how we can now interact with the smart contract
will be in my wallet and get cash.
And mostly we have the essential tools to run a successful CEO.